you
Music is a world within itself With a language we all understand
and clap their hands.
Music knows it is and always will be one of the things that life just won't quit.
But here are some of music's pioneers that time will not allow us to forget now.
There's Basie, Miller, Satomo, and the king of all surdoos.
And with a voice like gallop ringing out, there's no way the band could lose.
Woo!
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It feels a lot like a hamster wheel that we're in as we jump from our bed to our television, from work to our television to our bed.
It feels like a hamster wheel, and that is how it's designed to feel.
because your consciousness is the prime real estate they've been competing for for the many decades that we've been alive and never before has it been so easy to occupy it especially our attention being so shortened by all the shorts that we watch all the videos and commercials and
These charlatans have been working against us for decades already, and that's why it really feels as though we're waking up to an illusion of Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny.
But it's not that.
It's these guys and the stories that they've been telling us.
More importantly, the stories they've been telling our parents.
And that's why we are trapped.
The way out is very simple.
Ladies and gentlemen, we need to teach our kids that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
We need to teach our kids that transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent, and we need to teach our kids that RNA can't pandemic because viruses are not pattern integrities.
If our children understand this, they will not be enslaved by it.
There is no mystery virus that explains these excess deaths.
These excess deaths are explained by murder and lies and by expectations.
Expectations because of bigger families after World War II.
And that's why there's no epidemiological evidence of spread.
And that's why these lawyers won't talk about any useful way to get out in America.
America being the only way out left.
I think we need a new consensus about the vaccine schedule in America.
I think we need a new consensus about transfection.
And I think we need a new consensus about the biology of RNA.
And I hope to help.
I hope to help get us there because they have created this illusion of consensus by sticking to a limited spectrum of debate.
That's how we are being governed.
That is the new kind of totalitarianism that actually is very old and dates back to the 60s, to the 50s, to the 30s, to the 40s, where they never even imagined that they would have social media within which to imprison us.
And we have been fooled by these acolytes and we need to shed them.
We need to shed these acolytes.
I'm gonna play a song.
I wonder if anybody will even recognize it.
Five years ago this month is when I actually was told not to come in to the University of Pittsburgh anymore.
Don't come into the med school.
Don't continue your research.
Everything should stop because we feel scared.
We feel threatened by you coming in.
That used to be my theme song.
Ladies and gentlemen, you're listening to a former academic biologist whose work, years and years of work, is still available freely on the National Library of Medicine's website, PubMed, where you can search for C-O-U-E-Y-J-J, and you will find all of that work.
You will see that I was a neuroscientist.
I worked in the Netherlands.
I worked in Norway.
And I worked at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in the Department of Neurobiology doing experiments where I recorded from individuals and pairs of neurons trying to characterize the connectivity between them.
And actually GigaOM Biological, the name comes from that methodology.
And yeah, so now I have this website.
You can find all kinds of links there at the homepage including links about the Biology 101 course we're developing, the books that are in it, significant videos of other people, and of course videos from my friend Mark Kulak at Housatonic ITS.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This one is a big one.
I'm very excited about this show.
Allie Kat, you did the right homework today, I can tell you that right now.
You did the right homework, that is indeed the focus of the show today.
I have been reading and working very hard behind the scenes for quite some time already, trying to figure this out, and I don't do it alone.
Of course, I don't do it alone.
I have a lot of friends.
I used to have this really good friend named Nathan who was a lawyer, an intellectual property lawyer in Chicago.
We went to college together.
I ended up
weirdly meeting him as being his calculus tutor.
And I actually was the calculus tutor for him and his would-be wife.
And I was, let's say, you know, in that sort of young male way involved in the scheming and planning about how it was that he was going to slowly meet this girl.
And, you know, like he was in love with her from the very beginning.
And,
And he's gone now, and his daughters and his wife are living without him because of the lies that these people told.
Because I couldn't convince him not to transfect himself.
Because the skillful use of social media and the skillful watching of television allowed him to believe that I was the crazy one.
And about a month and a half before he died of an aneurysm, he was in my house in Pittsburgh laughing at me, asking me, how in the world was this
whatever I was doing gonna possibly last long into the future.
Like, how is this a plan to take care of your children?
And I tried to explain to him that, like, what else are you gonna do?
There's... This is it.
This is the big one.
The people that we've been waiting for are us.
And...
He very incredulously said, so do you think that I'm still in danger of dying from the shot that I took?
And I said, absolutely, with 100% certainty, yes, I do.
And a month and a half later, he did indeed die of an aneurysm.
And, you know, there's never, no one's ever going to accept my explanation for it.
Maybe some of them will, some of them won't, but it's a question that nobody really wants the answer to.
Nobody that was sufficiently fooled for sufficiently long enough so that they participated in some aspect of this nasty theater on their own, wittingly or unwittingly.
Nobody wants to look back and feel that and see that.
And I've already done it and you've already done it and they all need to do it if we are going to free our grandchildren from this trap before it closes.
One of the nastiest parts of this trap is, sorry, is the social media.
And that's the reason why the biology that I've been teaching for the last going on really five years now has been ignored by these people, has been diluted or titrated in such a way to protect what I didn't understand was a very elaborate theater.
A limited spectrum of debate with all kinds of very vigorous debates within it.
like a little tempest in a teapot or a teacup or a Tupperware that has a little thunderstorm inside of it.
And if you're inside that Tupperware and you don't know it, you can be put safely in the refrigerator and separated from all the other food and you'll last a really long time.
And no one will ever know what you're fighting in that little Tupperware inside of social media.
What people you're retweeting or who you're arguing with is one little tiny bubble.
And I had no idea that all of these people were working together until nearly four years in.
And that's the reason why you have to hear it like this.
Weaponized piles of money have gotten us to argue with them or their acolytes on social media.
Arguing with their acolytes has gotten us to accept the narrative.
And that narrative includes a mythology that was already being laid out and developed decades ago in the AIDS crisis, chronic fatigue syndrome.
And that's why Judy Mikovits and Robert Malone have the same mentor chain.
and are part of the same illusion that Mickey Willis has been crafting since the beginning of the pandemic.
That's why they're in all those movies together.
That's why they've never actually been on stage before.
Have you never asked yourself why it is that Robert Malone has gone on an international tour for the last five years with an exclusive cast of Meryl Nass and Sasha Latupova and Pierre Kory and Jessica Rose?
All the same people from the beginning all the way until Japan a week ago.
It's because they are this.
That's how you explain it and that's why it's so easy.
It's Fauci, it's Daisak, it's Malone, it's Nas.
They're all the same theater.
And they're all hiding the same truth.
that after World War II, the success of the American family, the prosperity of the American family, the Brady Bunch, this was a problem for them.
And so for a decade or two or three, they've been fighting this success in America, these big families in America, encouraging people to be, you know, maybe alternative lifestyles, maybe don't have kids, maybe you're gay, maybe you're trans.
Maybe you've been too promiscuous your whole life to ever fall in love usefully enough to create children that will also have the model to create children.
Do you see?
It's a multi-generational game.
And one of the multi-generational signals that they want you to not be aware of is that they knew that for a decade or so there would be an increase in all-cause mortality because we have an excess number of people from a particular generation after World War II.
and that excess amount of people was gonna cost all these Western countries an awful lot of money as they aged out into retirement, especially these countries with socialized medicine or these countries with subsidized medical insurance.
America knew that their Medicaid program, which is somewhere like half the budget of America, was gonna have a pretty big problem as we went from the graph that you see there
The graph that you see here where there's virtually almost nobody retiring in those ages, look at how many people would be aging out here, how many people need end-of-life care, how many people are being spent a half a million dollars every six months on end-of-life care is a fraction of the number of people who are up there now.
And the pandemic was a very convenient way for all of the countries that had this problem to take care of them.
In the UK, they call it euthanasia.
In the Netherlands, they call it shortage of people in the hospital so that people die of urinary tract infection and have to have three or four transfections in order to get their chemotherapy.
In Scotland, they just call it starvation and cold and thirst and urinary tract infection.
And in America, they did it with pure oxygen.
and called it ARDS and a ventilator shortage.
And viral pneumonias aren't affected by antibiotics all around the world.
And midazolam in Scotland for a few weeks, consistently, over and over again, for a few years.
And these murder and lies were misconstrued as the start
of a novel virus going endemic.
And these are the long list of lies that we've come up with to describe America, including a half a million people dying of opioids, which has conveniently reduced the life expectancy in America.
And the national security state has, through no fault of their own, misconstrued that as a result of the pandemic that they responded so effectively to.
And so this expected all cause mortality increase over the next few, or maybe even a decade, was misconstrued as the start of something going endemic.
And that was the plan.
That was the plan from before the pandemic.
It was formulated years before the pandemic.
And then people were put in place by giving them careers that had and included publications and laboratories and funding and grants.
so that in 2020, the theater would be ready to go, and not just the theater on television, but the theater on social media, where people could be fooled by illusions of consensus created by more than one person agreeing on a screen, much like The View, but not any different than Joe Rogan or anything else that happens on a podcast when you listen to what you think is a conversation.
And if it's not a conversation, then it is an enchantment.
And even if one person is an enchanter and the other person is not, the net result can be an enchantment.
That's what's going on here when people have particular pieces of the narrative, like a fear and cleavage site or an HIV insert and are told to stick to it.
Or because of no fault of their own other than them being greedy and grifty,
realize that, wow, everybody really likes it when I talk about that.
And so then maybe I should keep talking about that.
And I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that I was offered to work on Bobby's book because they hoped that I would go with it, that I would take that opportunity and say, hey, it's a lab leak.
Hey, I get to be a part of this book.
Hey, I'm the guy who taught it to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Hey, I'm the expert.
But instead, by the end of the book, I had figured out that we were actually not telling the right story here.
I think the biosecurity state probably lied to us about this because RNA can't do this.
And then what?
No more talking to Jay.
That's not for this book.
And so this whole list of distractions in 2020 was prepared like really well.
They gamed it.
They worked it out in tabletop exercises, behind the scenes, I don't know.
But they gave pieces of the puzzle to all these different people.
and told them to stick to those pieces so that the people between them on social media would think that they were putting pieces together and solving a mystery themselves.
That's the trick, right?
If you watch Jessica Rose and she talks about repurposed drugs and the fear and cleavage site, and then you listen to James Lyons Weiler and he says the fear and cleavage site means that it's gain of function.
And then weeks later, Jessica Rose says, oh, I heard about this gain of function stuff.
It's pretty crazy.
Then you think to yourself, wow,
Look at how these pieces of the puzzle fit together.
I think I see something that not everybody else sees.
That's how they got me.
That's how they got you.
If you weren't got by the TV, you were got by this.
And that's the whole point.
Because then if you weren't got by the TV, you were got by a narrative that specifically seeded expected outcomes for transfection and transformation in general.
You didn't know that, I didn't know that, but that's what they did to us.
And so as we argued, we accepted the novel virus, we accepted that the novel virus could be blamed for some of these outcomes and suddenly,
Oh my goodness, we can't differentiate outcomes from the novelty from outcomes to what they already expected would happen in any of the lots that were real transfection and not placebo.
And this went on for three years and it was done very, very well because the main illusion that was riding behind them was endemicity.
The main illusion that they'd all been briefed on was is that what we're trying to convince people of is that something that's always there just showed up and is spreading and occupying the background.
And so that in four or five years, it will be an accepted background signal.
And that we call endemicity in virology.
And so what the illusion really is, if any of these people are sophisticated enough to understand what they've done to us and our children, is that there is no way to differentiate endemicity from a background if you don't have any tests from before 2020.
Now, of course, all of this biology is on a short time scale.
The time horizon has always just barely been moving, right?
At the beginning of the pandemic, the time horizon was like one year.
In 2020, we didn't think it would last to 2021.
And in 2021, at the end of 2020 or the beginning of 2021, we were sure it would be over by summer.
And then in the winter of 2022, we were still pretty incredulous that it would last through 2023
And now we're in 2024 and nobody even cares anymore.
They just assume it's gonna last forever.
They just assume that this is the way we are.
And now we have to get ready for the next thing.
And so we're moving along, moving along on their narrative under their control still to this day, because we're not looking far enough and we're not thinking clearly enough.
But let me make sure that we are very clear about the fact that in 2020, a DITRA contractor named Robert Malone claims to have gotten a phone call from Wuhan and spun his team up.
And as a result of that team being spun up, within a couple of weeks, he had used an AI program, a X-ray crystallography model of a couple enzymes and the entire FDA
pharmaceutical catalog to identify four drugs that included ivermectin, silicoxib, famotidine, and remdesivir.
Remdesivir being a drug that was identified a few years before, which could interact with a novel protein of the coronavirus, said to give coronavirus the ability to proofread RNA copying.
And that seems to be a superpower that only this particular
Protein endows only on coronaviruses discovered by Ralph Baric and Mark Denison remdesivir Was identified by domain in 2020
out of all the drugs and pharmaceuticals, even though there was a paper in 2019 with Sina Bavari and the last postdoc of Ralph Baric named Alison Totura that said that coronavirus would come out of a bat cave and remdesivir would be great for it.
Remdesivir's method of action would be on the XON protein,
which is a proofreading protein in the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase repertoire of coronavirus, which permits them to have these amazingly large genomes that are single-stranded RNA with no ability to proofread normally, but coronaviruses have this special superpower.
That's all at the beginning in January of 2020.
That's where that starts.
just by domain identifying remdesivir you can already say okay remdesivir was identified in two papers both by Ralph Baric or by Sina Bavari and a postdoc of Ralph Baric.
The only molecular evidence of its action is also the only support
for the idea that XON is a proofreading protein.
Because without remdesivir interacting with it, they would have actually been able to directly demonstrate, directly demonstrate that XON is a proofreading protein and adds to the fidelity of RNA translation in their experimental models.
Make that clear.
XON, the gene that Kevin McKernan brought up on
St.
Patrick's Day in 2023 in the stream with John Bodwin, Stephanie Seneff, Jessica Rose, Kevin McKernan, and myself, when I was presenting the idea of infectious clones, that protein, its mechanism of action is only understood because Mark Dennison and Ralph Baric have this thing called remdesivir that supposedly interacts with it and increases the error rate because it interferes with XON.
That's all just starting at 2020 because he got a phone call and because he used domain to identify ivermectin and remdesivir.
You can already add all of those details in and go, wow, that's kind of dubious.
So the pandemic potential of coronavirus is only defined by XON, the gene which allows the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase to proofread, supposedly, the RNA copying.
It's the only place on earth where there's RNA copying proofreading is in coronaviruses because of XON.
And the only reason why we understand that XON works as it does is because there's this drug we have called remdesivir that interacts with it.
And remdesivir was identified by Robert Malone in the domain server in 2020 as a good drug.
And then Tony Fauci went on the couch of the White House and compared it to AZT.
and how AZT was so seminal at the beginning of the AIDS outbreak, Remdesivir, that all happened.
And so he did six international COVID summits, including one in 2020, but there were six more.
And the last one was in Japan last week with almost all the same people, plus some new recruits.
The Dark Horse podcast wasn't until June of, see, I'm putting these pink lines there, wasn't until June of 2021.
And in that podcast, there was no discussion of PCR tests being inaccurate.
There was no discussion of PCR tests and EUAs and how many primers there are or whether they nested primers or how many amplicons needed to be there, nothing.
There was talk about zero COVID and there was talk about endemicity though.
Then this particular video is from March of 2022, a whole year later, where he says that people shed exosomes with spikes because exosomes are definitely real.
You know, those things that...
Andrew Kaufman was talking about in 2020, and then never talked about again.
Exosomes, the thing that makes it very easy to explain why coronaviruses have to be mythology, because they can't make your cells do something they don't already do.
They do it all the time.
And so we are misconstruing something with something else.
We are exaggerating a fidelity.
We don't have something.
doesn't make sense when he says that out loud because a year before this, he said on some random podcast that most of the coronavirus particles that are made are actually replication incompetent because they have errors or there's been a recombination event.
So he didn't expect this, but he believes it now in 2022 on Glenn Beck.
And that's ridiculous because at the same time, he's claiming that he invented these things and gave up on these things because they weren't going to work because the immune system was going to be too powerful.
And so he just let him go.
And so it doesn't make sense other than to see that he's been titrating the narrative.
He's been working for the government the whole time, either as a private contractor, maybe he's working for social media.
He's working for the rulers of this, the people that want to control, demolish the American culture and the American government.
get rid of the constitution.
He has always said no for kids.
That's what he says in this video, but actually we know that's not true.
We've watched a video of him on the beach in bare feet with Jill and kids on Hawaii, where he is very unclear about whether these kids should take it or not take it and very unclear.
about what his position is.
And so for him to claim that is just a lie, but it's a titration.
This is a progression.
And so I worked from CHD in this yellow area here from May 22 until January of 2024.
See, so all of this shit happened before I even got hired.
Because it was in 2022 in April, this is in March, it was in April that Bobby called me and said that Robert Malone sat him down and he had to watch my January stream with Charles Rixey.
That was in April.
That's a month after Glenn Beck.
And so I presented to him in October of 2022, that was the one where nine days later I met him in person and he didn't know me.
That was the same day that Whitney Webb and I met, that I met Jill, that I saw Matt Crawford for the first time.
And Matt Crawford hadn't registered for the conference, but the person that got him in was none other than Meryl Nass.
And so all these meddlers were there.
I mean, Matt Crawford had lunch with Robert Malone and Jill while they were at that conference.
Charles Rixey said he was invited to Malone's ranch and that Malone remembered him but didn't remember me.
And that all happened in 2022 in Knoxville at the inaugural CHD conference, also the place where I first met Bobby in person.
And so then he shared a stage with Soph's mom in 2023.
Soph being this precocious minor that before the pandemic lost her million subscriber YouTube channel for threatening to kill the CEO.
And that got her on Alex Jones.
And so her mom started touring on Robert Malone's International COVID Summit Team.
And on one of these auxiliary things, not necessarily a COVID summit per se, but it was some Stockholm thing, she was on stage with him for a couple of days right next to Meryl Ness and Aseem Malhotra.
These are all part of the same global operation to undermine our governments and most importantly, our government, America's government, the only legal system that still has doors that we can walk to freedom through.
But then right after they were on stage in Stockholm, apparently Sasha and him had a falling out and Sasha decided that he was a bad guy and they became bad guys.
And he promoted to his 1 million followers that she's a bad guy.
And she has been terrible with me personally.
So that's why I know that she is terrible.
But it's really strange because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has interviewed her twice but never asked her about her daughter.
And so the only conclusion that I can come to is that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was told to interview her by none other than Robert Malone himself.
I also think that when I objected to Robert Malone being a reader on the Wuhan cover-up book, they just took his name off of it in performance and told some people that they're listening to Jay, but they didn't.
That's why Robert Malone has a recommendation statement on the back of the book and a thank you for reading it because he was always involved and he's still involved in this.
That's why Meryl Nass has been the advisor of CHD because Meryl Nass is probably a friend of Robert Malone for a very long, long time.
And in fact, the only reason why we didn't believe that is because Mary Holland and Meryl Nass
told us that they were the ones who went to Robert Malone's farm and stayed there two nights and and vetted him for Bobby and they were very surprised at the time to find out that Robert Malone didn't even know what the WEF was.
These are real stories that were told to me by these people.
Meryl Nass told me that story over dinner
the day before Boston, when the announcement of Bobby Kennedy's presidency or candidacy.
She told me that in person, that she and Mary Holland were the people that vetted Robert Malone for CHD by going to his farm.
And there they found out that he didn't know about the WEF and they were the ones who told him about it.
And so I was fired by Merrily Holland at CHD because I questioned Robert Malone on my broadcast, December 22nd, 2023.
And I know that because that's what Brian Hooker told me.
And then in my exit interview, it was described as I was interfering with their free interaction with their partners.
They're selling his book.
And me, calling Robert Malone out as a traitor for the globalists or for the weaponized piles of money that he works for, is not helping to sell his book or the Wuhan cover-up book.
That's why there's no interview with me about, as when I was a staff scientist about the book, because they did an interview, they recorded it, and then they wanted to record another one in December because they were like, this book, this interview isn't going to sell the book.
Because why?
Because I explained what infectious clones were and I explained what virology wasn't.
And I explained that the book didn't quite get it right because I got it right too late for Bobby to put it in the book, for me to have an effect on the book.
And so the way they're doing this is that the COVID shots are bad and don't talk about 2020.
And I just want to give a plug here.
I'm going to drop this in the chat.
Let me just grab this quick and drop it in the chat.
Did that work?
No.
Let's see.
This website, it's a sub stack and I just like to plug it.
Oh yeah, I'm gonna get rid of that listening to regular guy thing.
So,
What happened in the Scottish care homes has been summarized.
They did actually a very thorough investigation.
And we've watched a few of these videos before.
But I just want to plug again, the fact that you need to go watch.
You need to go take into account the fact that in Scotland, they murdered people.
And there's great evidence for the fact that they murdered people.
Now you can call it neglect or you can, you know, it's the same way that my father-in-law in the Netherlands died of a urinary tract.
Nobody should die alone in a hospital of a urinary tract infection.
I'm sorry.
Least of all, because there's a contagious virus going around.
And so we have to understaff the hospitals.
We have to understaff the care homes.
We have to drop the heat in the care homes.
We can't give any of these people water, even though they're on dry air masks.
There is no way to explain this other than murder.
And the only word that describes it is murder.
You can even see it in the, in the, in the,
You can even see it in the Madazolam stats.
You can see the spike in 2020.
And you can see them doing it.
Creating waves of COVID.
It only has to be a few.
This is Scotland, a little tiny country.
And so why won't they talk about a background signal being misconstrued as spread?
A background signal of expected all-cause mortality, that's the actuarial one, but also a background signal of RNA noise.
If these tests weren't specific enough, then they would never be able to differentiate from the very hot background of RNA from all living things around us.
That's just murder.
The list and define the ways the methodology of PCR could be highly accurate on a bench, but not for SARS-CoV-2.
Well, then you would be, those are elaborate lies.
Define the countermeasures as transformations and transfections that they were selling products with these names before the pandemic using these methodologies.
Well, that's obvious truths.
especially to an academic biologist with any semblance of a brain in their skull.
Listen to find the ways in its purest form that transfection would have never worked in healthy humans.
Well, that should be a very easy thing for anybody who calls themselves a biologist.
Those are known dangers.
How is it possible that we think it's okay to inject a transfection intramuscularly into someone who's pregnant, but before the pandemic, we advised them not to eat unpasteurized cheese or sushi?
I assure you that eating unpasteurized cheese and sushi is far less dangerous than the injection of a combination of substances intramuscularly during pregnancy.
I don't care why you would do it.
We're talking about a developing fetus when every biologist ought to know that development is the most dangerous time to expose any pattern integrity to an insult.
to a chemical insult, to a chemical exposure, or to a biological change.
Because the biological change will affect everything in the four-dimensional space of time beyond that point.
And many times, development is not prepared to make up for
a missing line of cells or a aberrant gene that has a primary function during development.
And genes can have different roles in development than they do in the mature organism.
And that's a truth that we just, we've never gotten complicated enough to understand and manifest in our own hypotheses about ourselves.
And so the term infectious clone being transformation and transfection in cell culture in animals being misconstrued as virology like the real easy grand slam home run that any of these no virus people that have been so insistent that I'm not playing fair or I'm not a good guy have never bothered to take this and run with it.
I don't care if they give me credit for it.
They can't take it and run with it because if they did, the whole thing would fall apart.
Their schtick would fall apart, and Tony Fauci's schtick would fall apart, and Vincent Racaniello's schtick would fall apart.
All of it falls apart when you say number five.
And the no virus people and all of their big control experiments don't matter if this is true.
Their experiments are real, their objections are real, but their objections are child's play compared to this.
And compared to this, RNA cannot pandemic.
RNA cannot pandemic is a three word combination that challenges everyone from the average Joe gas station attendant to the smartest academic biologist.
They either willfully don't think deep enough about those three words in combination to get there, or they are absolutely positively unsophisticated enough to hear it.
And there are many academic biologists that are unsophisticated enough to hear it.
Why?
Because they've mastered a very tiny sliver of knowledge that is only useful to them if they pay exclusive attention to it.
The moment they start paying attention to when this information isn't valid, when this information doesn't apply, when there are exceptions to this hypothesis, then suddenly their whole career path is in jeopardy.
And so that's why they can't answer any of these questions, because it's not their expertise.
And in order for my livelihood to be sustained, I have agreed to, acquiesced to, I have limited myself to a very strict
region of inquiry, a very strict limited spectrum of inquiry that I call my expertise.
I have a lab and it's called Sculpting Evolution.
And so that's why we are here with Steve Kirsch saying, you know, maybe it was okay in this time, but I don't know, most vaccines are bad.
We've been telling people for a long time using really vague language, but then saying that maybe there will be a time five years from now where the vaccines will be safe and maybe Bobby Kennedy will bring it to us.
That's also why we're here where someone as absolutely
average as as Elon Musk is being waved in front of our face as somebody who is so exception to the rule that he's able to create a tunneling company, a rocket ship company, and a satellite internet company, a electric car company, and a electric taxi company, and a self-driving thing, and AI that you can implant in your brain, and he just does all of this stuff.
And he likes DJs and weird girls, and he names his kids funny, and he dresses up in really cool armor for Halloween, and he is the founder of the dark MAGA movement, you know, black hats instead of red ones.
And on top of all of that, we're supposed to believe that this guy has saved free speech by purchasing Twitter from a sellout and making it free.
You see, we're in really big trouble because we actually also have lawyers lying to us too.
And if lawyers are willing to sabotage us, the oldest profession in the world is not prostitutes, it's lawyers.
Why?
Because when you had a grievance with the king, you needed to find somebody who could speak the king's language, who the king would listen to, the king would respect.
And so yesterday we had a little discussion about due process.
Yesterday we had a discussion about due process.
And I think it was really, really valuable, especially to me.
because I have been wrestling with this for a while now with trying to how to express the concern that I have as a newcomer to this fight.
And I think that's what gives me the sort of annoying perspective that is inconvenient to these people like Mary Holland and Meryl Ness, is that I don't understand how it is that they knew this already back in 2015 and they haven't been able to make any progress.
I understand that they've got a really great, great couple of nonprofits, and I'm sure they've got a lot of money, and I'm sure they've put on some very expensive and successful conferences, but I'm trying to think about where the ball was in 2015, when Mary Holland was on Democracy Now, telling everybody that the MMR shot hurt her son, and at the same time in the UK, there was some guy named Wakefield, who would later marry Elle McPherson,
he is he is saying that the MMR shot is hurting kids there and then they get together and they make a movie and the movie has a woman whose kid was hurt by the MMR shot and so then they're debating for the next five years whether it's thalidomide or mercury or aluminum and then they get this guy
named Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who was involved in cleaning up the water to get involved in the vaccines.
And then he's also kind of focused on particular ingredients that haven't been tested or are exempt from strict liability because of some law or another.
And they can't talk about it because they get censored.
And after what is actually now going on, really 10 years of this fight, it doesn't really feel like we've made any progress at all.
We have the exact same people fighting for us, the exact same people screaming, the exact same people getting the highest salaries from these nonprofit organizations, but they haven't gone anywhere.
And ICANN is another one of these organizations that seems to be not getting anywhere.
Despite having a guy like Dell, who's tall and handsome and well-spoken and good on camera, they can't seem to get anywhere.
Despite having Bobby Kennedy as their, as their, as their, what is it?
Something, something in leave, chairman on leave?
They haven't gotten anywhere.
Is that Bobby's fault?
I don't know.
I think it's more likely to be Mary Holland's fault and Meryl Nass' fault.
and Aaron Seery's fault because these are the people that claim the expertise.
Meryl Nass is the one that claims to be the bioweapons expert.
Mary Holland is the lawyer that has been out in front of this since 2015 on Democracy Now.
Aaron Seery is the guy who gave up his job at Goldman Sachs to fight for real people.
So far be it from me to criticize them, but I want other people with expertise to really apply it here and think, okay, if they're not going to push this forward now, after the pandemic, after all of the admissions, after all of the drama, after all of the mistakes,
If they're still stuck where they were in 2015, before presumably they understood how big the problem was, maybe they were really coming out in 2015 as like, you know, I just, I'm sure vaccines are great, but I think they can also hurt people.
So we should be careful.
Maybe we should test them.
Maybe they need to be improved.
And then years later, they come to find out that no, that's not the case.
These people are covering it up.
They're lying.
Brian Hooker drives across the country to get this guy to whistleblow.
And we come to find out the CDC has covered up some data.
And so it's not as simple as not testing a few things.
It's not as simple as just wanting to speak out and maybe we have to get the illuminers.
It's much more malevolent than that.
But despite that revelation, at the start of the pandemic, they were talking about freedom of speech still.
And so I have been curious about Aaron Seery ever since I've been in a Zoom meeting with him.
And I can't, it was more than a year and a half ago now, where I got to ask questions and I just asked him about the Seventh Amendment.
And his answer was very specifically, it's not time for the Seventh Amendment.
And he wouldn't say any more.
It's not time for the Seventh Amendment.
And ever since I had that conversation or lack of conversation with him, I have been frustrated,
And I have been paying attention, trying to figure out what is going on here.
And anytime I've had a good question, I've tried to ask as many people as possible.
And I think I'm ready.
I think I'm ready.
So the first thing I want to bring to your attention is that I think one of the most unsung heroes and one of the most untapped resources of knowledge and experience, in my humble opinion, is Rolf Hazlehurst.
Rolf Hazlehurst is a senior staff attorney at CHD until October 31st, 2024, at which point his appointment at CHD will end.
And now you can be as curious as you want as to why they chose October 31st and not September 30th or August 31st.
But the guy whose daughter is part of the foundational case that has established the Childhood Vaccine Injury Act and the compensation program and all this other, this is the guy with the most experience because his family is that experience.
The reason why he went into this law is because of his family.
And along with Ralph, a bunch of other people were let go or kind of forced to leave CHD, including the original founder, Laura Bono.
And that's all happened in the last few months that CHD is not talking about it with Vax3.
CHD is not admitting that they couldn't afford these people and so we had to let a bunch of autistic moms go.
We made a bunch of people who dedicated years of their life to this work go.
in order to keep who?
Meryl Nass has her own nonprofit now called Doors to Freedom or some bullshit like that, that Mary Holland helped her launch.
Mary Holland keeps sending emails to me asking to raise a million dollars before some time or another time.
We're almost there.
But what are they gonna use that money for?
A poster that says rise and resist, people over profits, truth over lies, courage over fear?
Great big vinyl posters that they can display at a conference and then throw in the garbage afterward?
Is that what they're gonna spend that money on?
A lawsuit that isn't gonna go anywhere?
Is that what they're gonna spend their money on?
Why isn't this the primary speaker for children's health defense on the internet?
Why don't they make shorts of him?
Why isn't his story featured?
Why is Mary Holland Esquire the one that we have to listen to with a morning program every day?
The one that has been on Democracy Now 10 years ago is the one who gets a daily thing to say.
And she has proven that she can't say anything like intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
She was my boss for six months.
She can't even say it.
that RNA can't pandemic.
She can't say it.
I bet this guy could.
I bet if I talked to him for a half an hour, he'd be all, I'll say it.
I wonder what he would think of Aaron Seery's little thing.
So remember, Aaron Seery is the lawyer for ICANN, and ICANN is very closely associated with Mickey Willis.
Mickey Willis made the musical called Plandemic the Musical, which Rolling Stone reported as a awkward victory lap for COVID conspiracists.
And in fact, if you click on one of their links in that article, it turns out that Rolling Stone has promoted Mickey Willis and his pandemic movies often throughout the pandemic.
Now, does that look like censorship to you?
Does that look like somebody who's making movies but suffering from censorship?
Now, the reason why I'm going here is because 10 days ago, on October 1st, so it was like 12 days ago now, 11 days ago, in the chat, I noticed Soothspider here, to be fair, I can Aaron series challenging on 7A grounds.
And I think that's wrong.
I don't know what 7A is, but it's not listed in their complaint.
I also saw that you put that here.
uh the point out the fact under the thing it says something like uh
point out the fact that the PrEP Act violates both the Fifth and the Seventh Amendment.
So the thing about this complaint is that it actually doesn't say that.
That's the problem.
Even if there is a place here now where it might say that, the thing that you sent there is actually the, it's the unsubmitted document.
So if you actually go to the court and you download the document that they actually submitted and you get the most recent one,
It's actually exclusively Fifth Amendment.
Now, let's start here first, because Aaron Seery is the guy who supposedly has his name on this thing.
Now, if we go over to this thing, we will see that actually the real lawyer is from that state.
I'll see if I can do this here.
Well, Aaron Seery's name is on here, but it's not just him.
It's a dude from the state that it's in, in Louisiana.
But this is Smith versus the United States.
And if we just, you know, we just do this.
and we looked strict, you'll notice, for example, that there is not one use of the word strict.
That means that in this entire complaint, strict scrutiny or strict liability, those two very useful terms are not found in this document.
Interestingly, if we go back and we do fundamental,
We have five matches to fundamental.
Now, what is fundamental?
Why are we bringing up fundamental?
Well, when we were talking about this yesterday, what we learned was that the lawyer is the oldest profession in due process.
due process is the ritual owed to you by the king or the government, and that ritual is primarily there so that you accept the outcome.
You go to trial, and when the jury decides, you accept the decision of the jury.
That's the procedure that you are due.
And so due process is, according to the Seventh Amendment, your ability to get a jury trial whenever you have damages over $20, a dispute over $20, whatever the right word is.
That's the Seventh Amendment right, and that is a fundamental right.
And when a fundamental right is being suspended, when a fundamental right is being taken away, then the government has a very high bar
to prove that this is an okay action.
Now I'm just gonna improvise through this explanation using these notes.
But what's important to understand in the complaint that Aaron Seery writes is, number one, what fundamental right, or is there no fundamental right, that is being violated by whatever he is complaining about?
So if we go to this document,
and we look for fundamental, where fundamental shows up should be where.
So each of the three factors considered by the Supreme Court favors striking down the PREP Act to the extent it violates fundamental procedural due process protections.
Now yesterday, we learned about substantive due process versus procedural due process.
And our friend kind of made fun of procedural due process by saying that procedural due process only exists because substantive due process exists.
And substantive due process is a real ritual, a real set of procedures that you have to go through in order to
suspend a fundamental right in order to come to a decision and make a decision.
Procedural due process is actually not a fundamental right.
Procedural due process implies that the government can make a decision and it doesn't have to have a very good justification for it because substantive due process is that.
And so here is Aaron Seery at the beginning of his document on page... Oh, sorry.
Maybe this is the wrong number.
Let me go back.
No.
So that was it.
The first one is right here on page 41.
He already lost.
because he's not asking for, he's not claiming that a fundamental right is being violated.
And therefore, the people that are filing this suit, the complainants are asking for or claiming that the PREP Act violates
the principle of or violate substantive due process.
Do you see?
If you're not complaining about that, then you're not complaining that a fundamental right is being violated.
And if you're not a legal scholar, and you're not aware of what procedural due process means, then you can't even see that Aaron Seery is essentially throwing the game right here.
because the whole point should be that a fundamental right is being violated and therefore the government should be held to strict scrutiny when it does that and that there should be substantive due process in order for that to be allowed but instead Aaron Seery is asking his claiming that a fundamental procedure procedural due process
This is a Goldman Sachs lawyer who claims to be working with ICANN to save us from this trap.
And as far as I can tell, I think every lawyer in the audience, every lawyer that you can possibly send this to needs to evaluate what I'm saying, because I'm not a lawyer, but I am sure as shit not dumb.
And what I was taught last night by my friend doesn't jive here.
If Aaron was really trying to win, he would be telling the court what fundamental rights are being violated, and he would be explaining that the PrEP Act does not require substantive due process to suspend the Seventh Amendment rights of all the citizens in the United States.
And in fact, what does he say?
It's the Fifth Amendment that's being violated.
We go down here, the fundamental, what, what?
Say what?
Sorry, this is moving too fast for me on this mouse.
One, one, two, okay.
Fundamental rights and liberty interests involved are plaintiff's rights to redress their grievances by bringing common law claims against the manufacturers.
So see, they're not talking about a jury trial for stuff over $20.
He's talking about due process.
And that's what the Fifth Amendment is about.
But see, due process is just the process, the ritual that you're due.
And so if the courts see the fundamental right of due process being fulfilled by the CICP or the VICP, because it's a process, it's a ritual,
then due process is not being violated.
Procedural due process is not being violated if they give you a process that you're due.
But if they're violating a fundamental right to have a jury trial to address grievances over $20, they would need to have a substantive, substantive,
due process in order for that to happen.
And that would include holding the government to strict scrutiny when they made that decision.
And that should involve a place where you can see the process happening, maybe a website that announces why, and maybe some set of list of criteria that needed to be met.
But there is no such thing when it comes to the rational basis test, which is what really
Aaron Seery is allowing them to keep.
These words, when they're used ineptly, don't mean anything.
When they're combined correctly, they are as sharp as a 200 times folded samurai sword, sharpened by the oldest and master of water stones in Japan, Hanti Haruhori, or whatever his name was from Kill Bill.
If you use language correctly in the legal context, it is impossible to escape.
And so are we to believe that the Goldman Sachs lawyer that works for ICANN is doing this on accident?
Or are we to see it for what it is, which sure looks like he's just throwing the game and hoping that there isn't a lawyer that understands this or is willing to stand up about it?
I wonder what Ralph Hazlehorst would think of my analysis.
Maybe somebody can send it to him.
Maybe I'll send it to him.
fundamental plaintiff's fundamental right to recover damages for their injuries.
Is that a, is that a fundamental right?
He's not saying it.
What fundamental right is he talking about there?
Let's see the next one.
Oops.
Fundamental.
Consequently, because the PREP Act interferes with the plaintiff's fundamental rights and liberty interests, insofar as it substitutes their right to redress grievances for an injury, with an egregiously insufficient secretive administrative process replete with arbitrary rules, the PREP Act is a violation of plaintiff's substantive due process rights.
and the court should enter summary judgment and plater of the plaintiff.
So he's not, he's saying the words, but what is the fundamental right being violated?
He says the fundamental right being violated, and we said it in the beginning already, he's not saying it in the sharpest way that he can.
He's saying it in an inaccurate way, an inconsistent way.
I don't think this is good.
to the extent it violates fundamental procedural due process protections.
I just don't see it.
I don't see it.
This guy is not saying it the way it needs to be said.
He's not.
And if we go and we think about that, as we think about that, we should just say this, okay?
Send this to Aaron Seery.
Why are the terms strict scrutiny and strict liability absent from any of these complaints?
Maybe ask him what they mean to him.
What fundamental rights are violated or suspended by the PREP Act Emergency Declaration?
Because he's not really saying it if he's saying fundamental procedural due process.
That is a great big fat swing and a miss.
What he needs to say is the fundamental right of what?
Liberty or something like that?
He needs to be specific.
He should be as specific as possible.
He's using a lot of fancy words.
But just like I try to summarize the biology in a few sentences, this fool should be able to summarize in a few sentence what fundamental rights are being violated by the PrEP Act Emergency Declaration and why is the rational basis test insufficient to justify that?
Because fundamental rights can't be suspended without strict scrutiny, without substantive due process.
But if the right being violated
is not codified in the right way, then what happens?
So define substantive due process and describe how this is related to the complaint of the PREP Act, because he doesn't do it in the complaint.
How is that possible?
And why is he harping on the Fifth Amendment instead of the Seventh Amendment?
Why did he get in a Zoom meeting with me a year and a half ago and say to the whole group that it's not the right time for the Seventh Amendment?
Is the right, is it not a fundamental right, Aaron?
Is the Seventh Amendment, does it not codify a fundamental right?
And is that fundamental right not being violated by the words of the PREP Act itself?
because they need no justification, they need no scientific evidence, it can be completely hypothetical, and already the Seventh Amendment right is suspended for these countermeasures.
It's not even in how the law is applied, it is a facial challenge on how the law is written.
There is no substantive due process in a law where it says, here's how you take away the Seventh, how you suspend the Seventh Amendment.
You write a declaration.
That is not substantive due process.
And since they are suspending a fundamental right, the Seventh Amendment, then there has to be substantive due process and the government should be held to strict scrutiny.
In other words, in some cases, the government should be assumed to be right.
And the default here is it's an emergency, so we should assume the government to be right.
Not if they're gonna take away fundamental rights.
Then you need to assume the government is wrong, and you need to hold them to a much higher standard than the rational basis test, which is the PREP-X procedural due process.
He's asking for a procedure.
He wants them to pay a lot more money through the CICP or the VICP.
That's how he wants it to be fixed.
He doesn't want a facial challenge to the PrEP Act based on the fact that its words itself violate the basic legal principles of America where fundamental rights, when they are attempted to be suspended, we assume the government is wrong and we assume only under the strictest circumstances can this happen.
with the strictest justification and with substantive due process.
A real ritual.
Not just some guy writing a piece of paper and signing it and then redating it and signing it again and then redating it and signing it again.
What I'm trying to explain to you here is that I believe with all of my heart and soul that Aaron Seery will not and will refuse to answer these questions.
He doesn't need to use my name.
You don't need to use my name.
We need these questions in front of Aaron Seery and Aaron Seery needs to explain why this complaint is so shitty.
He needs to explain how it is that 10 years into this, this guy still says that it's not the right time for the Seventh Amendment.
He's got to explain that.
And he doesn't have to explain it to me.
He can explain it to the Federalist Society.
He can explain it to the almost entire law school of the University of Chicago.
He can explain it to any lawyer who knows something about what these terms means and then understands that, holy shit,
They're not used correctly in this frickin' complaint.
Now this wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the fact that he is intimately associated with ICANN and Dell, and those fools made one of the most awful videos that I've ever seen.
Awful videos I've ever seen.
Now what I'm about to show you, I'm not going to make you watch all of it.
But I want you to understand what was done.
This is the fourth movie that was promoted by Rolling Stone that Mickey Willis and ICANN have put out.
This is one of many music videos and other things where Robert Malone and people like, I don't know, J.P.
Spears and all these other clowns of the sort of intellectual dark webby kind of yelling, screaming people along with Nurse Aaron.
and his wife Jill Glasspool Malone, and all of these meddlers have been in music videos together for five years that you probably haven't seen, have been in movies across the ocean with Gerrit van den Bosch that you probably haven't seen, and so they've been working to build this illusion
that there was a pandemic that was covered up, that probably came from a lab, that could come again.
And Judy Mikovits and Del Bigtree and Mickey Willis, they all believe it, or they want you and our children to believe it.
And I can no longer see this as just people trying because this is supposed to be the fourth movie.
The fourth movie, you know, where we have a better perspective on things, where we've cleared up some of the illusions that we had in the beginning of the pandemic and what happened, what didn't happen.
And so there's a lot of still reflection and still murders that have been ignored and justice that hasn't been brought yet.
And that yet, Aaron Seery's best lawsuit
is what appears to be a legal language joke.
And the best movie that our dissident movement can make and get promoted on Rolling Stone is a movie that laughs and accentuates the idea that masking was a big problem and that we should have resisted masks or something, something.
This is the darkest days, ladies and gentlemen, because this is the calm before the storm, or maybe it's even the darkness before sunrise.
I don't really know, because we are in big trouble if we can't see this, and we can't show other people this.
We are in big, big trouble.
And I think we can show them.
I think we can show them very easily.
I think there are lawyers all around the United States who can see through Aaron Seery in less than 15 minutes of reading that document, comparing these notes, and checking again in their head what they know about these legal concepts.
There may be a lot of people on earth that are lawyers who don't know about these legal concepts, and that's probably by design as well.
Ready?
1, 2, 3, go!
So first, we're supposed to believe that an independent filmmaker launched a rebellion against the imperial forces in May of 2020, and that despite the best efforts of the government, he was able to release four movies which exposed the truth of this lab leak and the cover up and all of the crimes that were committed.
Despite the best efforts of the government, Robert Malone, and Mickey Willis, and Judy Mikovits, and all of these people have managed to put together four production-level movies, lots of podcasts, and get covered by Rolling Stone throughout the pandemic, despite being censored.
So this, the fourth and final episode of the pandemic series, the Rebel Alliance is determined to reclaim its music and restore freedom, justice, and peace to the tattered Republic.
They're making fun of us with this.
There's no other way to see it.
Anybody that believes that they are on this team and that this team is part of the rescue squad.
You, my friends are taken even worse than the people who still think Tony Fauci is a good guy.
You have been fooled by a much more malevolent scheme than those people who believe in Tony Fauci.
Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak in 60 Minutes are child's play compared to what these people are doing to the people that follow them.
And that included me for a couple years.
Fooled by their collective coordinated lying.
And so now we have the primary guy that we're supposed to pay attention to.
And of course, there's a contest going around right now for the people that can find the most Easter eggs in this video.
So we're supposed to watch it over and over and over again to try and find all of the Easter eggs that are here.
And what you should really see is the assembly of a character who probably doesn't exist.
is supposed to be like some kind of weird American image of some American guy who's got like some some not perfect trophies and he likes a lot of the movies that we like and you know he likes all the stuff that we like and he's got all the stuff that we collect you know he's like us and he's got a Raiders of the Lost Ark thing here and he's a dude who gets up and shaves his head like we all do he's got a piano in there that he plays
And he goes, the editing's really weird, right?
He's got to go from his bed to his shaving to his bed again, which doesn't make any sense chronologically.
He's got some weights there.
It doesn't look like he lifts.
And so he gets out of bed.
He steps on a Lego.
And so he's got to put the Lego back on his Lego thing.
It's all trying to catch all of it, you know?
Put the Lego back.
Oh, that's great.
He's just like me.
He's just like all of us.
Pink Floyd, The Wall.
I mean, he's almost the perfect conglomeration of American culture, the best of it or something.
Look at that poster behind him.
And what was the ringtone?
The ringtone was Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
Again, just playing on these ideas of who would like this.
Geraldine?
I'm here.
Are you okay?
Hey, Arthur, don't worry.
His mixed-race wife is coming near the end.
We decided that it's best for you to join us virtually.
And she's pregnant.
What?
And so now his sister is telling him that they want him to join virtually because he doesn't wear a mask and he's not vaccinated.
And so now he's gonna watch TV and he's gonna feel sad.
With mom and dad being at the highest risk, everyone thinks this is best.
You asked me to get tested and I did.
I'm good.
Andre said he could put you on the big screen.
It'll be like you're in the room with us.
I know it's not the same, but this is the best.
And so now remember, we're focused on the lockdowns.
We're focused on the masks.
We're focused on the response.
We're not focused on why we're responding.
We're not focused on the lies that are getting us to respond that way that included actually plandemic.
For everyone.
I gotta go pick up the kids.
I'll send you a link when I get back home.
I'm sorry.
Frank Thomas, good reference there, wow.
He's probably not nearly big enough to be Frank Thomas though.
Frank Thomas is a giant.
The Big Hurt, yeah baby.
Biden administration declaring monkeypox a public health emergency.
This move will free up additional resources.
Gatherings are now limited to your household, but only if everyone over 12 is vaccinated.
If someone in your family.
So no biology here, even after four and five years, no biology, no real information here.
This is all emotional.
This is all to try and get you fired up.
isn't vaccinated, should you ask them not to show up?
Yes, I would do that.
For a new coronavirus variant that's deadly.
And so his sister is listening to Tony Fauci, so Tony Fauci is the bad guy, it's the Scooby Doo.
What is known as disease X?
Fears.
You can stay unvaccinated if you want, but you're not going to be able to travel.
They're hesitant to attend gatherings with other unvaccinated family members.
so of course he's got a mystery machine and he likes 80s music
Um, why wouldn't he have a mystery machine, right?
I mean, they're very economical vehicles.
They're very handy and they got lots of room to put your shit.
It's cool.
Of course he sings on the CB, right?
I mean, everybody's using 10 meter nowadays.
Did they just discourage him from using the CB?
That's hilarious.
You're in your car, man.
Remember, ladies and gentlemen, this is the best we've got.
After five years and a lot of money spent and a lot of donations and a lot of fighting and a lot of lawsuits, this is as far as we've gotten in more than a decade with the same people doing it.
All the same people.
And this is the best we've got.
This is the best thing they can throw at the system right here.
People going crazy.
Oops.
What was that?
People going crazy.
Talk about an Easter egg.
Is that a communist symbol?
Stay kind.
Be patient.
Stay home.
Is that a communism signal right there?
Is that a rainbows and, and, and, oh my gosh, come on.
That's a nice van.
It's nice.
Maybe, you know, Adele got to keep the van after the movie, or maybe Mickey uses that van now.
They probably used funded donations to buy that van.
So that's pretty kick-ass.
Oh yes, there are QR codes throughout the movie.
They tell you that at the end to go back and look and see if you can scan any of them.
How many people in the chat haven't seen this yet?
Because if you haven't seen it yet, it's about to ramp up.
There's Dell.
That's Dell.
Okay, that's $19.84.
What does it say above the door?
Big Brother is watching you.
Lots of subtle cues in this movie.
Ministry of truth behind there.
Yeah.
Are you going to let him get away with that?
Are you going to let him get away with mocking all the people that were killed by the opioids over the last four years?
Are you going to let him mock and belittle the deaths of people who were given pure oxygen because Pierre Corey said to, because Kyle Seidel said to, because the CDC said to, because they said we were running out?
Are you going to let them make fun of the murder
that occurred because of the lies that they allowed to be told?
Because of the wrong questions that they insisted be asked?
Because of the shitty substacks that they wrote?
Are you gonna let him get away with this?
Excuse me.
Here you go.
Attention shoppers!
Jerry, I've had enough!
You don't get that privilege!
I quit!
Right here, right now!
Gloria, don't you think you're falling?
Gloria!
The Big Hurt versus Malone in double mask.
Incidentally, I had my primary investigator that was my supervisor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine was wearing three masks at some point when he would come to my office and it drove me bananas.
So I know what that's like, but it is beyond mockery.
that Robert Malone is playing that part.
It is beyond mockery that Del Bigtree is playing that part.
And it is beyond mockery that they are having this as their protagonist.
And what happens next is... Welcome to the great awakening.
Come on, breathe in.
Roots woven underground, growing so strong.
No storm will ever break us down.
Our seeds turn to treasure, creating life forever.
We were born for this moment.
Standing strong together.
We're standing anywhere.
We remember who we are.
Life is infinite.
We'll be without end.
We didn't stop the trucks.
Love always wins.
Oh, don't you dare turn it off.
Don't you dare turn it off.
My friends.
Don't you dare.
My neighbors.
This is not going to end.
This will never end until we end it.
How long are we going to live in fear?
How long will we live in fear?
They lied to us.
They lied to every last one of us.
About what?
About murder?
about the opioid crisis, about nutrition, about vaccines, or about transfection and transformation?
Maybe there's a song coming up next called Transformation and Transfection, Not For Me.
It's not like you weren't warned.
And they called me crazy.
Cheers.
How is it possible?
They're on the same set in the same movie.
They have the same mentors.
They've been playing the same game.
They have been working for the same people behind the scenes.
And that's why Judy Mikovits is where she is and why they've never been on stage together like Robert Malone and Meryl Ness.
Because if they got together on stage, everybody would immediately connect them all the way back to Gallo and Gardner and Ruschetti and CFS and, and HTLV, whatever, blah, blah, blah.
latent viruses.
This is the beginning of the end because these people have finally revealed themselves as one contiguous group of meddlers that has been working for weaponized piles of money to make sure that we never usefully extricate ourselves from this mythology, that we continue to do run around in their hamster wheels and their little limited spectrums of debate about masks and standing up and, and freedom.
Not about the biology that they lied about, not about the fidelity that they lied about, not about the understanding that they exaggerated, not about the lie that the Human Genome Project is, not about the lie about this biology, but no.
They can't even get the legal stuff right.
Where fundamental rights are being violated by a government that's only being held to the rational basis test instead of strict scrutiny.
They can't even say it!
And a biologist who's been reading for a couple years can say it.
Can say the biology and can say the legal stuff better than any of these people can.
And that should be a gigantic warning sign to you.
And it should explain why I still only have 3,000 followers on Facebook.
Twitch, why I still have the same 14,000 followers on Twitter since I was reinstated a year and a half ago, why CHD hired and fired me, why I am listed in RFK's book as the first expert and now no one will talk about me.
because I probably have it right or damn close.
Close enough that they can't talk about me anymore.
The no virus people can't talk about me, the virus people can't talk about me, the anonymous mice can't talk about me, and neither can the CHD and ICAN people.
They can't.
They have to propone each other because it's always been the same fricking cast.
That's why the same actors are in this movie that were in the first one and that were in all of those music videos.
One of us.
It's not like you weren't warned.
And they call me crazy.
Cheers.
I don't really need anybody to like me though, man.
I just need people to take these ideas and accept them.
To investigate them, to interrogate them, maybe even disprove them.
to do the work.
I don't care if they like me.
I don't care if they say they heard it from me.
They can say, well, I heard this idea on the internet that's going around, and I just wanted to clear up the fact that RNA can definitely pandemic, or that transfection is definitely was not criminally negligent because we fixed it, or because we're gonna fix it, or because intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is most of the time, but not all the time, dumb.
Somebody,
Tell me why it is and what fundamental right is being violated by these laws and how it is that we can hold the government to strict scrutiny when violating them.
Otherwise, what's going on?
Who's going to take the mask off?
I'll do it.
No, the first time Judy and Nomi showed up in a video, in a music video, was in 2021.
And that was a video by Hi-Rez.
Several of them.
No, Mom.
It's okay.
And the kids are telling the moms what's okay.
It's not a mom finally giving in to her motherly instinct.
The motherly instinct was to put on a mask and put a mask on her kid.
Do you see how much enchantment is being cast here?
Yeah mom, it's okay.
Oh, two kids tell the mom it's okay.
It's okay.
We can do this?
Of course we can do this!
Do it then!
You go first.
That's what I'm talking about.
Take off your mask.
Breathe in the fresh air.
Yeah.
Take off the mask, people.
Come on.
Let's take back our lives.
That's right.
Come on.
Take it off.
So wouldn't it have been much more impactual if they were going into a hospital and pulling people off of ventilators or waking people up from ventilators or pulling the supplemental oxygen out of their nose while they were sitting in the hallway of the hospital before they got on the ventilators and said, get out of here.
And then there were singing nurses that were singing about COVID and these people walked in and beat the shit out of them and then sang their own song about how they're murdering people in hospital.
Now that would be a music video I'd watch.
That sounds like a musical with a message.
Attention shoppers.
In compliance with CDC guidelines.
Trying to divide us brought us closer together people that there he is.
That's the guy He's done a lot of a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot of videos with robert malone and judy mikovits and and all of these people dell and and and uh high-res and and and and jp spears and uh the uh
And Nurse Erin, they're all... Let's see what he's got for symbols.
I see a Jewish star there.
And what is that other thing?
What is that?
Do you know that symbol?
Anyway, I just thought I'd let you see what's in.
Did he just reach for a bag of chips?
What just happened?
What is he doing?
no this is the great awakening holding on to your sanity won't divide up the family muslim true christianity let's get back to humanity united we stand divided we fall people won't stand a chance we all know that god's in control the people of the world
Did we stay
Is that guy carrying a fiddle?
Please tell me he doesn't have a fiddle.
It didn't look like he was really playing it because he didn't put it under his chin.
He's not really playing it because he's not putting it under his chin.
What's going on?
Are they faking the fiddle is being played by that Indian with a... with a... with a... What is happening here?
Oh
Do you mind if I click forward just a little bit?
I don't understand.
Wow.
Uh-oh.
We're having a Christmas dinner now.
Very diverse table.
Oh, there's his girlfriend.
She's got very obviously triangular earrings on.
Uh, very obviously triangular ears on.
And again, triangular ears on.
Really weird.
And they fell in love, I guess?
And they're in love now?
Was that his sister?
Was that the one that... Oh, she's got a baby!
Oh my gosh, she's got a baby!
I mean, if he wouldn't have stood up and took his mask off, he would have never met the love of his life.
I mean, this is such a romantic story.
It's unbelievable.
Who wears their hat at the table?
Come on.
I hope they didn't use auto-tune.
I hope they can sing at least.
We are divine.
We are infinite.
Breathe it in.
Lovely.
There's J.P.
Sears on the cover of Women's Health, dressed as a swimmer.
And there's the sponsor of the video, XClear, and there is the Plandemic 100% censored, 0% debunked.
There's a bunch of flags on this.
Universal Brotherhood for the Unity of Us All.
It sounds a lot like the stuff that Teilhard de Chardin is talking about in this book, where we have to get rid of nations.
The time of nation states is over.
More machinery.
We need humanity.
Liberty will never perish.
The hate of men will pass, and the power they took from the people will return to the people.
Don't give yourselves to men who despise you, enslave you, tell you what to do, what to think, or what to feel.
You have the love of humanity in your hearts.
You don't hate, only the unloved hate, the unloved and the unnatural.
Don't give yourselves to these unnatural men, machine men with machine minds and machine hearts.
You, the people, have the power to make this life free and beautiful.
Oh, nautical flags.
I'm sure it spells something out.
George Webb works for the FBI.
He can't be in these videos.
Oh my gosh, they're not singing the Lion King.
They did.
They did the Lion King.
And that was it.
Hi, I'm Mickey Willis.
I hope you enjoyed Plandemic the Musical as much as we enjoyed creating it.
And action.
Look at how much money, look at how much effort, how much money and time and effort was put into this.
It is also our way of declaring that this is the moment for us to take back our creative arts which have been hijacked by traitors and tyrants.
Hopefully.
Creative arts have been hijacked by traitors and tyrants.
He's talking about himself in exactly the same way that Robert Malone says he's writing a book about fifth generation warfare called Psywar.
But it's not about him.
It's not a book about Mickey Willis.
It's not a book about him and Judy Mikovits working against us for 20 years.
It's not about him and Judy Mikovits and all these other people planning this narrative out.
so that we could transition from a very shitty vaccine schedule defined by very limited biological parameters to a vaccine schedule that was much more appropriate to the goals of trying to figure out how the hell our genome works under the assumption that the basic gist of it is we can't figure it out yet, but soon enough we will.
We're so involved in the story that you didn't realize that the entire movie has been gamified.
In the world of film production, there's a secret game that's played by insiders.
Only avid fans are privy to what is known as movie Easter eggs.
Planted by cast and crew, items are placed within range of the camera, yet imperceptible to the viewers who are focused on the plot of the story.
Pandemic the Musical has taken this tradition to the next level.
Hidden throughout the movie are numerous Easter eggs in the form of active QR codes, famous quotes, sacred symbols, sponsor logos, as well as numerous random treasures.
To incentivize play, we've upped the stakes by offering valuable prizes to 30 winners who find the most Easter eggs.
For official rules, restrictions, and instructions on how to play, go to plandemic.com.
That is also the site where you can see all four episodes of the Plandemic Documentary series.
Thanks to our donors, the entire collection is absolutely free of charge.
Thanks to our donors.
I wonder who they are.
We currently have numerous new movies in production, all of which are in service to elevating truth.
Elevating truth like Alex Jones.
If you'd like to contribute to our work, please consider donating to our tax deductible production fund.
Just click the button on the top of our site and make a secure donation.
Another way you can help is to download and share Plandemic the Musical far and wide.
Thank you for caring and sharing.
We are just getting warmed up.
Stay tuned for more.
Rise up from the ashes.
Rise up from the flames.
See through the lies that feed the fires that we create.
Come out from the shadows.
Gavin DeBecker is an executive producer.
Gavin DeBecker is the best friend of JFK.
He has written a lot of books, or sorry, RFK Jr.
He's the best friend.
Gavin DeBecker is also the guy that runs the private security company that has Gavin Becker and associates that does all of his security before, you know, whatever.
He wouldn't want secret service when he's got his own best friend's private security company doing his security.
Why would he want secret service?
And yet, before the pandemic, he was fine.
When he declared that he was a president or a presidential candidate, he started complaining because he wasn't given any secret service protection.
But he has one of the premier security services is owned by his best friend, Gavin DeBecker, and was already guarding his ass before the pandemic.
And he's an executive producer here.
Oh, that's awesome.
That is freaking awesome.
Just seeing if I know any of these names.
naomi lindsey what's that name i wonder don't see ah jill malone i didn't see her but i guess i just wasn't watching for her
Look at how many cameras there are.
I mean, those cameras are not cheap.
All these people are being paid.
All these lights are being rented.
This location is being rented.
It's absolutely positively unexplainable by any other means other than him.
And Mikovits and Malone and Mickey Willis are all part of the American side of this global operation to control Demolish America.
He works for the people who govern us with these elaborate theaters, just like Robert Malone does, just like Judy Mikovits does, just like Mickey Willis does.
They have to be.
There is no other way.
It doesn't necessarily need to be DITRA and the US military.
It doesn't necessarily need to be that.
It could also be Peter Thiel and Elon Musk, and they're basically pushing the value or pushing the perceived role as free speech place.
They're pushing that forward.
He does that on YouTube with his comedy, and all of these other people do it on X with the blessing of Elon Musk.
They probably are super users that can see the people who block them and do all the other, read DMs, this kind of thing.
You have to see it for what it is, and we have to see it right now.
X is a military program.
Facebook is a military program.
All of these social media platforms are military programs where when we use them, we are submitting ourselves to brainwashing and we are submitting ourselves to the limited spectrum of debate that is very craftily curated by all the content that these people make and the way that they oppose each other.
The way that they promote each other, the way that they backstab each other is all part of the theater.
And that's why this movie is so terrible.
Because if it was a real movie that really wanted to pay attention to the murder and lies that were used to hide the criminal vaccine schedule that all these people apparently knew about before the pandemic, then you need to make movies like this, where you talk about masks and lockdown and rising up and collectivism.
and you don't talk about the biology that would make everybody responsible for themselves again, would reestablish the sovereignty of the individual and reestablish the irreducible complexity that is a beautiful, perfect baby child.
They in no way, shape or form raised that baby up and said, we're not gonna vaccinate this kid.
Or, oh my goodness, I'm so glad we woke up and didn't transfect this little baby.
Did they give them an RSV shot during the pregnancy?
Did she take any COVID shots during the pregnancy?
Was she given any RSV?
We don't know because that isn't even an issue in this video, even though it would have been very timely.
Together we will rise is exactly what a communist chant is.
We will rise.
Can't wait any longer.
It's our time, yeah, it's our time.
It's 100% bullshit, ladies and gentlemen.
It is absolutely, positively, 100% bullshit.
And we need to see these bullshitters for who they are, and we need to see them very quickly, or they will get away with it.
Ladies and gentlemen, please, please put these questions in front of Aaron Seery.
Aaron Seery, why are the terms strict scrutiny and strict liability absent from any of your complaints?
Aaron Siri, can you briefly explain what fundamental right or rights are being violated or suspended by the PrEP Act Emergency Declaration?
And what are the consequences of or what are the legal ideas that kind of edify
substantive due process in relation to that?
What are the ideas that edify the idea of strict liability in application to the violation of fundamental rights?
Because if you can't describe accurately, with accurate legal jargon, the fundamental rights that are being violated by the PREP Act, then you can't argue that the government needs to be held to strict liability instead of the rational basis test.
And the PREP Act and its emergency declaration, while suspending the Seventh Amendment fundamental right, is held to the rational basis test.
And you, in your Goldman Sachs experience, seem to be out of your depth with regard to how to challenge a law that allows the suspension of a fundamental right with the rational basis test alone.
And so he needs to define why it is that he uses these words so ineptly when he uses them and why so many other people that aren't lawyers can figure this shit out and he can't.
I am very, very abrasive and he doesn't need to like me.
You don't even need to tell him that the questions come from me.
But this is how we win.
because these people are losing the game on purpose.
This case that I've read over the last couple of days, this is garbage.
This is somebody throwing the game.
And do you know why it's somebody throwing the game?
Because let's read the response that Health and Human Services gave to him
The plaintiffs likewise fail to state a substantive due process claim because they identify no fundamental right at issue.
Aaron Seery of Goldman Sachs that's been fighting for ICANN for the last many years has not identified a fundamental right at issue.
If there's no fundamental right, then I guess the government is under no obligation to prove its reasons and it need only offer them.
The burden is on the one attacking the legislative arrangement to negative every conceivable basis which might support it.
If there's no fundamental right being violated, then strict liability is, sorry, strict scrutiny is not the standard to which the government is held.
It is the rational basis test, which is, as they say, we don't need to prove anything, it can be hypothetical.
Please understand, Aaron Seery has to be a liar, or incompetent, or both.
Because he has not identified a fundamental right at issue, and the PREP Act satisfies rational basis review.
He used the words procedural due process, fundamental procedural due process.
For any lawyer that has any kind of training at all, those four words combined together should be the biggest ever.
In my humble opinion, those four words together, unless I'm completely wrong and silly, are the absolute
That's it.
Anybody that believes Aaron Seary now is asking for what they get.
Anybody that thinks that guy's fighting on our behalf deserves what they get.
Because the plaintiffs have failed to state a substantive due process claim, meaning that substantive due process claims are only present when a fundamental right is being violated.
And this jackass has not identified the fundamental right at issue.
Because it's not the time for the Seventh Amendment.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry I'm so upset, but this is it.
This is it.
And I've been saying it for a while.
You just need the right case to go to the right circuit court for the right federal judge to say, hey, guess what?
The PREP Act can be struck on a facial challenge because by its wording alone, not by how it's applied, but by its wording alone, it allows the suspension of a fundamental right with the rational basis test review alone, not requiring substantive due process.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is an absolute end.
to this illusion of ICANN and Aaron Seery.
This is it.
This is the end.
It has to be.
If you want to escape this illusion, if you want to escape the slavers, this is how you escape.
You need to understand that Aaron Seery has been throwing the game for a while, and it doesn't matter if Dell understands it.
There are lawyers at CHD who damn well understand it.
And if Mary Holland doesn't understand it, that's just because she's a pretty shitty lawyer.
If Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can't read what I'm writing here and understand that there's an issue to be picked here, then he's also not competent enough to lead this challenge into the future.
I know at least one lawyer that probably is good enough to lead this into the future, but she is having a real trouble in California with a case for the last four and a half years or five years or whatever it is.
Ladies and gentlemen, Aaron Seery, I can, in these plandemic movies, in retrospect, in looking back, you cannot see anything but meddlers here, people that have purposefully
assisted in the maintenance of a limited spectrum of debate that includes a limited spectrum of understanding of this legal space so that people would think that he was really writing a great complaint.
He's really a genius.
And that's why Aaron Seery, just like Robert Malone and ICANN and all these other people will never talk about how a background signal could have been lied about and how they had plenty of time to characterize it.
They'll never tell you about how PCR can be accurate, but how it wasn't.
And they will never tell you how even in its purest form, transfection was never going to be good.
We knew that because we were selling products and using them in academic benches.
We're never going to tell you that they already had names for those products because then they would have to show you that those names were on Robert Malone's resume because he almost was part of basically defining those terms along with David Baltimore and Murray Gardner and Gallo and Fauci.
And so the semantic game that is being played with infectious clone in the viral literature is being ignored by the no-virus people because again, it would illustrate that those people as well as Mikovits and Robert Malone were running a very careful script.
And the careful script of the no-virus people also prevented the realization
that there were simple truths and obvious lies that were being agreed upon by all of these people to usefully enslave us with this mythology, and that's why they can't go and say RNA can't pandemic.
Don't talk about 2020.
Don't talk about endemicity versus background, and definitely, definitely, definitely make sure you realize that the COVID shots are bad, but we can fix them.
We need a new consensus, ladies and gentlemen.
We need definitely a new consensus.
If you liked what you saw today, please go to giggleandbiological.com and find a way to support the stream.
I need all the help I can get.
I have found out officially yesterday that Scott Shara, Grace's dad, and his wife are actually coming to Pittsburgh for November 3rd and will
Present i'm going to give them an hour on stage an hour on the live stream They're going to be here exclusively for our meeting.
And so I am absolutely humbled by the fact that he's decided to come And so it is with great excitement that I beg you if you have the means to get to pennsylvania and to get to pittsburgh For november 3rd or that weekend of the brownstone Please don't hesitate to come it could be one of the
one of the little mini turning points of this, where we really come together, and the right people shake hands, the right people hug, the right people earn each other's trust in person, is a really hard thing to break.
One of the reasons why they've had so much trouble with Mark and I, is because over the course of these five years, we've shared a hotel room a couple times, we've shared a cross-state rental car drive, and so,
It's pretty hard to lie to somebody for that long.
And it's pretty hard not to know somebody when you spend that much time together.
And so I think we're getting there, ladies and gentlemen.
I think the independent bright web is starting to actually build and blossom.
And it is because of all of you sharing our work, trusting us, believing in us, believing in our collective, you and me and all of us.
And it ain't gonna stop, it's only gonna get better.
And I hope that you will notice that very soon, that it's getting better.
And I look forward very much to the stuff that I'm going to do in the next couple weeks in preparation for November 3rd.
And of course, the Red Pill Conference that is coming two weeks later, November 16th and 17th in Oklahoma.
So, November is gonna be pretty intense.
And so I hope you'll stick around for it.
Love you all very much.
And I'll see what I can do about tomorrow.
I got to say, ladies and gentlemen, the only way we're going to get there is if we go hard in the paint.
You can't take it easy on them anymore.
And so that's what I'm doing here.
Somebody's got to go hard in the paint.
So it's got to be me.
That's fine.
I've been posting up my whole life.
So throw it to me, guys.
I got you.
Whoa, hey, what's going on there?
See you guys later.